Docs/SPE 260: update and reorganize telemetry metric references (#21965)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/telemetry-metrics/vault/quota/lease_count/violation.mdx

### vault.quota.lease_count.violation ((#vault-quota-lease_count-violation))

Metric type | Value   | Description
----------- | ------- | -----------

> counter     | number  | Total number of lease count violations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
counter     | number  | Total number of requests rejected due to exceeding a lease count quota
```

Reviewer: I prefer this less ambiguous wording.
